[Music]
eight secret phone settings you should
try there probably isn't a person now
who hasn't gotten an absolutely
indispensable smartphone in their pocket
however there aren't many people out
there who know about all the amazing
things these devices are capable of
today we would like to end this vicious
circle and tell you about eight
fascinating features of Android setting
number two is our favorite it'll keep
your phone's battery going for longer
number eight control your smart phone
with head movements there are situations
where you just have to use your gadget
but your hands are otherwise occupied or
it's just too cold outside to take your
warm gloves off however there is a
solution for this after installing a
free app called Evi a facial mounts
you'll be able to control your Android
device with movements of your head sound
impossible well give it a try and see
the result for yourself
[Music]
number seven text-to-speech not only can
you read this article but you can also
listen to it if you have an Android
device so if you prefer to hear incoming
information rather than see it go to
settings then accessibility and turn on
the text-to-speech output option
[Music]
number six smartphone remote control
just go to settings then security then
device administrators and check the
boxes next to Android device manager
remotely locate this device and allow
remote lock and erase
now if you'll lose your smartphone you
can locate it and block it without
losing your data via a special website
well that's pretty cool number five
turning on guest mode if you'd like to
give your phone to another person yet
keep your personal data confidential use
guest mode swipe down from the top with
two fingers and touch the user icon on
the upper right the add guests icon will
appear and you'll be able to choose
which actions the person handling your
smartphone will be allowed to take
number four screen magnifier people with
poor eyesight often have no idea how
much this feature can help them just go
to settings accessibility magnification
gestures then you'll be able to zoom in
on any part of the display just by
tapping it
number three hotspot mode no this is not
gonna show you where the best dance club
is it's about internet access you
needn't buy a separate 3G modem or a
router to use the internet on different
devices because your smartphone can do
this easily go to settings tethering and
portable hotspot and turn on portable
WLAN hotspot that's it
number two the easiest way to save your
battery power if you choose a black or
simple dark background for your screen
the automatic pixel highlighting will
turn off and you'll notice that your
device keeps its charge for much longer
this feature isn't available for all
Android devices yet but it's already
implemented on most Samsung smartphones
and tablets give it a try then number
one a secret game starting with Android
2.3 Gingerbread google puts a small
secret present for users into all their
devices however finding it may prove to
be quite difficult here are instructions
on how to do it despite the odds first
go to settings and choose about phone or
about tablet quickly tap Android version
several times and when a small
marshmallow shows up on the screen
quickly tap it again and a special mini
game will open haven't you found it yet
well what are you waiting for don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join us on
the bright side of life
[Music]